you
the next one I'm gonna show is very big
on the MMA scene which is the Superman
point which is basically jumping up
giving speed giving that illusion of
downward power okay and it really is new
idea is you want to aim here for the
chin okay Josh is a big lad so to
actually get to him a bit of power a bit
of height would actually do that forming
and you know enable me to get through to
his chin so from now if I take the pad
to dropsies chin style of size or height
it's all surprise its instead of
standing there throwing point where he's
going to actually see it jumping up
bringing your hands down bring yourself
down at around about 15 degree angle
okay strike the way through and it's
it's you know it's leaning for it is
running forward you're almost taking all
that power straight the way down okay so
you're bringing yourself into the height
and it's an elevated position so it's
hitting down it's you know gravity's
coming into effect put a little bit of
aggression into it power into the punch
as well and they tend to fall from it
which is great you know all that power
my way plus gravity plus power you can
do that yourself it's it's all on one
spot of the jaw which is you know we
call your plan to go down I'm actually
going to demonstrate that with a glove
on within a sparring set with me and
Josh and I'm going to aim for his chin
so as I come through I'm going to
actually hit him on the chin and just
show ya exactly how effective the
Superman punch is providing something
right
that's one that was probably out now
different storage depots
you're alright mmm there's chamber with
some red